Add godot-launcher (#398)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [godot-actions](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-actions) - Composite actions for exporting, setting up, and pushing Godot projects to itch.io through Github Actions.
- [godot-ci](https://github.com/aBARICHELLO/godot-ci) - Docker image to export Godot games through CI. Includes GitLab CI script example.
- [godot-gdscript-toolkit](https://github.com/Scony/godot-gdscript-toolkit) - Independent set of command line tools for working with GDScript - parser, linter and formatter.

> - [godot-launcher](https://github.com/sebastianoboem/godot-launcher) - An Advanced Version of the default Godot Launcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [godot-launcher](https://github.com/sebastianoboem/godot-launcher) - A desktop application built with Python that simplifies the Godot Engine development environment management.
```
